♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Zuma] "Pups Save a Goodway."
Here you go.
That's a lot of balloons, Zuma.
I know.
Huh?
Zuma… [chuckles]
You can't fly away
until after we get City Hall all fixed up.
[chuckles] That was fun!
[laughs]
Time to make these steps sparkle.
Water cannon! [barks]
Water spray! [barks]
Shovel! [barks]
[Skye laughs]
Balloon delivery!
Coming through!
Bull's-eye!
[all cheering]
-[all] Hi, Mayor Goodway.
-Hello, Ryder. Hello, pups.
Is everything ready?
Almost, Mayor Goodway.
My whole family will be
here soon to celebrate
Great-great-great-great
Grandpa Grover Day!
Wait.
Grandpa Grover's statue isn't here yet?
Where is the statue, Mayor?
I sent Grandpa off to be cleaned
as good as new
and he's coming back by boat.
Cap'n Turbot is bringing him back
on The Flounder.
He should be here already.
[beeps]
Hello? Cap'n Turbot? Hello?
Hello, Mayor Goodway.
Where's Grandpa Grover?
Right behind me,
all cleaned up and spiffy.
They did a great job cleaning him up.
[chuckles] We'll be there in no time,
Mayor Goodway. Whoa!
Baby whale straight ahead.
Hang on.
[whale sings]
Cap'n Turbot, is everything okay?
Oh, yeah. Just a playful little whale.
Look out!
Whoa! Wait! Ah! Come back!
Grandpa overboard!
Overboard? What do you mean "overboard?"
No need to panic. Just a small emergency.
-Gotta go.
-[beeps]
I'm sure he said, "Grandpa overboard."
[phone rings]
-[beeps]
-Hello?
Ryder, I, uh…
I might need a little PAW Patrol help.
It's Grandpa Grover. He's…
[gasps] …gone overboard!
On Great-great-great-great
Grandpa Grover Day?
Ooh boy.
We have to get him back!
But how?
Hang up, Cap'n. Call the PAW Patrol.
Oh, he already did.
[chuckles] Don't worry, Mayor Goodway.
We'll get Grandpa back.
No job is too big. No pup is too small.
[beeps]
PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Let's go! Yay!
[all barking]
[siren blaring]
Marshall, your water cannon!
Oh yeah. Water cannon. [barks]
Marshall! [growls]
Sorry, Rubble. I meant…
water cannon away. [barks]
[laughs]
Whoa!
-Sorry, Rubble.
-[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
Mayor Goodway has an emergency, pups.
Cap'n Turbot was carrying the statue
of her Great-great-great-great
Grandpa Grover.
-But it fell overboard.
-[Turbot] Ah! Help! Help! Help!
Mayor Goodway loves that statue.
And the PAW Patrol
is going to get it back.
[beeps]
Skye, I'll need you,
your copter, and your cable
to lift the statue to the surface.
[barks] Let's take to the sky!
[beeps]
Zuma, I'll need you to scuba dive down
to attach the cable.
Let's dive in!
All right! PAW Patrol is on a roll!
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go, go ♪
-[barks] Yeah! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-[giggles and barks]
-Whoo-hoo! Yeah!
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
[barks]
-♪ Skye! ♪
-[barks]
-Yes!
-♪ Zuma! ♪
[barks]
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Life jacket deploy!
[beeps]
Oh, PAW Patrol! Am I glad to see you!
Don't worry, Cap'n Turbot.
We'll get Mayor Goodway's statue back.
Where did he go in?
He fell off the boat right here,
but it's too deep to see.
It's okay. I've got sonar on the Pup Pad.
It'll show us
what it looks like under the water.
[beeping]
There he is!
On the edge of that steep slope!
[Zuma] Look. Fish like Grandpa Grover too.
We'd better get that statue
before it slides any deeper.
Okay, Skye! You're right above the statue.
I'm on it, Ryder.
Okay, Zuma, let's get our gear on.
[whale singing]
Grandpa Grover got knocked over
and now he's at the edge
of a deep underwater canyon.
Skye's cable isn't long enough
to reach him now.
What can we do?
We have to think of something.
I promised Mayor Goodway
I'd take care of Grandpa Grover!
We need some way
to float the statue to the surface.
Something like…
balloons!
Balloons! Oh, great idea, Ryder.
That's how they raise sunken ships.
[beeps]
What are we gonna do?
-[beeps]
-[Ryder] Hello, Rocky?
Right here, Ryder. What's up?
The helicopter cable
won't reach the statue.
What do you need?
A big balloon to go underwater.
We'll tie it to Grandpa,
fill it with helium,
and it will lift him
to the surface for us.
I've got the perfect balloon
stashed at the Lookout.
Great!
Bring it and the helium tank to the dock.
Zuma's on his way.
I'm on it!
There's the helium tank
and here's the balloon.
Thanks, Rocky. This should work great.
Good work, Zuma.
[barks]
You set with the helium tank, Ryder?
All set.
Zuma, you take the balloon down.
We'll hook it to the statue,
fill it with helium,
and it'll lift the statue
up to the surface.
Let's go!
Whoo-hoo! It worked, Ryder!
It worked really well!
Maybe too well.
Pretty awesome rescue, dude.
We can't let him fly away.
Skye, can you get Grandpa home?
You got it, Ryder!
Wings! [barks]
Let's take to the sky!
Yeah! [barks] Yeah!
[Ryder] Good work, Skye!
See you at City Hall, Ryder!
[clears throat]
Welcome, Goodways, young and old!
[both] Hi, Aunt Mayor.
Gustavo, Julius, and Justina!
Isn't something missing?
Yes. Well, uh,
I sent Grandpa Grover out to be cleaned,
and well… it seems he, uh…
It's Great-great-great-great
Grandpa Grover Day
and there's
no Great-great-great-great Grandpa Grover?
[both] Look! A flying dog!
[barks]
Grandpa Grover!
I knew the PAW Patrol could do it!
Hurray! Grandpa Grover is back!
Of course he's back.
Wings! [barks]
Ryder, pups, you did it!
How can we thank you?
You know if you ever need us,
just yelp for help.
The PAW Patrol saved the day!
They saved Grandpa Grover Day!
Grandpa has never looked so shiny.
Aw… thanks, Gustavo.
Grandpa Grover sure does look spiffy.
-Sure does.
-Wait. Look.
Ew!
I've got a squid on my lid!
[all laugh]
Thanks, Ryder.
You're welcome, Mayor Goodway.
-Smile everyone!
-[camera clicks]
Now that's one sparkling clean statue,
and not a squid in sight.
You've all been good pups today.
Go have some fun.
-[all cheering]
-[vocalizing] ♪ PAW, PAW, PAW Patrol ♪
[theme song playing]